DOCS-100 - Forward raw data (#4279)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/data-forwarding/amazon-s3-bucket.md

    :::
1. **Description**. You can provide a meaningful description of the connection.
1. **Access Method**. Select **Role-based access** or **Key access** based on the AWS authentication you are providing. Role-based access is preferred, this was completed in the prerequisite step [Grant Access to an AWS Product](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/grant-access-aws-product).
     * For **Role-based access** enter the Role ARN that was provided by AWS after creating the role.
      * For **Key access** enter the **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key**. See [Managing access keys for IAM users](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html) for details.
1. **S3 Region**. Select the S3 region or keep the default value of Others. The S3 region must match the appropriate S3 bucket created in your Amazon account.
1. **Enable S3 server-side encryption**. Select the check box if you want the forwarded data to be encrypted. For more information, see [Using server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingServerSideEncryption.html) in AWS help.

> 1. **Active**. Select this check box to enable data forwarding for the entire S3 bucket. To start data forwarding you will also need to enable forwarding for the desired indexes, as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Active**. Select this check box to enable data forwarding for the entire S3 bucket. To start forwarding data, you will also need to enable forwarding for the desired indexes, as described below.
```

1. Select the partition or Scheduled View for which you want to enable data forwarding and click the **Edit** button. The edit dialog for the partition or Scheduled View displays. Following is the edit dialog for a partition. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/data-forwarding/enable-option.png')} alt="Enable Data Forwarding checkbox" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="450"/>
1. Click the **Enable Data Forwarding** checkbox.
1. **Forwarding Destination**. You can either choose an existing data forwarding destination or create a new one.  
   * If you want to create a new destination, choose **New Amazon S3 Destination**, and follow the instructions in [Configure an S3 data forwarding destination](#configure-an-s3-data-forwarding-destination) above.

>    * If you want to use an existing destination, leave **Forwarding Destination** set to **Existing Amazon S3 Destination**, and click the pull-down to the right of **Amazon S3 Destination**, and pick a destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you want to use an existing destination, leave **Forwarding Destination** set to **Existing Amazon S3 Destination**. Then, click the drop-down menu next to **Amazon S3 Destination** select your desired destination.
```
